---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "mcma_job_profile Resource - terraform-provider-mcma"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Job profile data registered in an MCMA Service Registry
---

# mcma_job_profile (Resource)

Job profile data registered in an MCMA Service Registry

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "mcma_job_profile" "example" {
  name = "example"

  input_parameter {
    name = "param1"
    type = "string"
  }
  input_parameter {
    name     = "param2"
    type     = "number"
    optional = true
  }

  output_parameter {
    name = "outparam1"
    type = "string"
  }
  output_parameter {
    name = "outparam2"
    type = "number"
  }

  custom = {
    customprop1 = "customprop1val"
    customprop2 = "customprop2val"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the job profile.

### Optional

- `custom` (Map of String) A collection of key-value pairs specifying additional properties for the job profile.
- `input_parameter` (Block Set) A list of input parameters (name and type) that must be provided when running a job for this profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--input_parameter))
- `output_parameter` (Block Set) A list of output parameters (name and type) that will be set on the job when the service has finished. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--output_parameter))

### Read-Only

- `date_created` (String) The date and time at which the job profile data was created.
- `date_modified` (String) The date and time at which the job profile data was last modified.
- `id` (String) The ID of the job profile. MCMA IDs are always absolute urls.
- `type` (String) The MCMA type of resource. This value will always be 'JobProfile'.

<a id="nestedblock--input_parameter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `input_parameter`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the input parameter.
- `type` (String) The type of the input parameter. Should specify an MCMA resource or primitive type.

Optional:

- `optional` (Boolean) Flag indicating if this input parameter must be provided or not


<a id="nestedblock--output_parameter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `output_parameter`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the output parameter.
- `type` (String) The type of the output parameter. Should specify an MCMA resource or primitive type.


