---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "mcma_service Resource - terraform-provider-mcma"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Service data registered in an MCMA Service Registry
---

# mcma_service (Resource)

Service data registered in an MCMA Service Registry



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **name** (String) The name of the service
- **resource** (Block Set, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--resource))

### Optional

- **auth_context** (String) Context data for the authentication type used by the service. For instance, in the case of AWS authentication, this would contain the access and secret keys.
- **auth_type** (String) The type of authentication the service uses, e.g. AWS4
- **input_location** (Block Set) The list of input locations of which the service is aware. This provides the consumer with a list of places they can place content to be processed by the service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--input_location))
- **job_profile_ids** (List of String) The list of IDs for job profiles that can be processed by this service. If the service does not process jobs, this should be empty.
- **job_type** (String) The type of job the service processes, if any. Most MCMA services will handle some kind of job, but not all of them have to.
- **output_location** (Block Set) The list of output locations of which the service is aware. This provides the consumer with a list of places they can retrieve content after it has been processed by the service. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--output_location))

### Read-Only

- **date_created** (String) The date and time at which the service data was created.
- **date_modified** (String) The date and time at which the service data was last modified.
- **id** (String) The ID of the service. MCMA IDs are always absolute urls.
- **type** (String) The MCMA type of resource. This value will always be 'Service'.

<a id="nestedblock--resource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource`

Required:

- **http_endpoint** (String) The url for the endpoint.
- **resource_type** (String) The type of MCMA resource this endpoint handles.

Optional:

- **auth_context** (String) Context data for the authentication type used by the endpoint. This should only be specified if it is different than the auth context specified on the service.
- **auth_type** (String) The type of authentication expected for this endpoint. This should only be specified if it is different than the auth type specified on the service.

Read-Only:

- **date_created** (String) The date and time at which the resource endpoint data was created.
- **date_modified** (String) The date and time at which the resource endpoint data was last modified.
- **id** (String) The ID of the resource endpoint. MCMA IDs are always absolute urls.
- **type** (String) The MCMA type of resource. This value will always be 'ResourceEndpoint'.


<a id="nestedblock--input_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `input_location`

Required:

- **url** (String)

Read-Only:

- **type** (String) The MCMA type of resource. This value will always be 'Locator'.


<a id="nestedblock--output_location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `output_location`

Required:

- **url** (String)

Read-Only:

- **type** (String) The MCMA type of resource. This value will always be 'Locator'.


